Work-around for latexml bug for MyLicense.txt (#3661)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/annotations.tex

\section{License Texts}\label{license-texts}

> % TODO: The following works around HTML-issue with spurious percent-sign in .txt https://github.com/modelica/ModelicaSpecification/issues/3663

Reviewer: I opened a proper LaTeXML issue which is what we should refer to here:
```suggestion
% Need to work around LaTeXML issue with long \lstinline argument:
% - https://github.com/brucemiller/LaTeXML/issues/2553
```

% Clean up when corrected.
%
For a top-level class the
\ifpdf
\lstinline!annotation(License="modelica:/ModelicaLibraryName/Resources/Licenses/MyLicense.txt")!%
\else
\lstinline!annotation(License="$\text{modelica:/ModelicaLibraryName/Resources/Licenses/MyLicense.txt}$")!%

> \fi\annotationindex{License}, gives a license text file for the class.

Reviewer: Better to not have content on the same line as `\fi`:
```suggestion
\fi%
\annotationindex{License}, gives a license text file for the class.
```

\section{License Texts}\label{license-texts}

% Need to work around LaTeXML issue with long \lstinline argument:

> % - https://github.com/brucemiller/LaTeXML/issues/2553
> % Clean up when corrected.
> %
> For a top-level class the
> \ifpdf
> \lstinline!annotation(License="modelica:/ModelicaLibraryName/Resources/Licenses/MyLicense.txt")!%
> \else
> \lstinline!annotation(License="$\text{modelica:/ModelicaLibraryName/Resources/Licenses/MyLicense.txt}$")!%

Reviewer: Fix which is more to the point:
```suggestion
For a top-level class the
% Workaround for LaTeXML issue with long arguments to \lstinline:
% - https://github.com/brucemiller/LaTeXML/issues/2553
\ifpdf
\lstinline!annotation(License="modelica:/ModelicaLibraryName/Resources/Licenses/MyLicense.txt")!%
\else
\lstinline!annotation(License=!%
\lstinline!"modelica:/ModelicaLibraryName/Resources/Licenses/MyLicense.txt")!%
```
